about six months ago I put an American
Thunder Flowmaster exhaust on this truck
because he have to market GP replacement
was rotting out once ago was something
with some stainless steel content and it
wasn't a lot offered for this body style
truck this is one of the options it's
got big three inch pipes and I heard a
sound clip on YouTube and it sounded ok
it's kind of hard to tell on that it
sounded a little little raspy er than
stock but so I installed it that was
very unhappy with it it is a booming
very loud exhaust it just started to
drive me nuts especially on the highway
just wasn't a good sound I called and
complained to flowmaster and they sent
me a a resonator and the guy said this
should clean up the sound a bit the
problem was is that the resonator was
too big to fit in the mid pipe was too
long so I went around on eBay I bought
the stainless steel short one that was
about the only thing I could fit in that
pipe and it toned it down just ever so
slightly I still was very disappointed
with the sound and this spring half of
the winter I was about ready to tear the
exhaust off and go with an OEM exhaust
but I took another look at the
flowmaster and by cutting sections of
pipe all the way basically back taking
what real estate I could straight pipe
real estate out of the out of the
exhaust as it'll fit it in mainly I
ended up cutting the tailpipe quite a
bit you know it's hard to see there in
order to get this resonator in let me go
down
you can see his the resonator and I was
just you know by this offset here I cut
whatever I could I probably took a
little bit too much off but I took what
I could to get at the to get this thing
in here and I was able to just basically
squeeze it in and I got to tell you I
absolutely love the sound of it now it's
got a little rasp to it it's not
annoying drone basically sounds pretty
good now you can hear when you get on it
but it's not not overwhelming so I'm
making this movie just to let people
know if they got in the same situation
as mine it's possible to get that
flowmaster resonator in there and be
able to save the exhaust and it's pretty
good sound let me fire it up and we just
hear it
that Idol it's very normal stocks
the lower ass to it if you get up
that's Adam take a dump right